---
layout: post
title : web-for-mba-outline
permalink: /blog/web101-for-mba-outline
comments: true
categories: [exercise, web_development]
tags : [part01, exercise02b]

---

###Goal###
To share an idea of where we are heading with a top-level view of future contents.

###Outline of Posts###
_I want to divide the content into several parts, each with related set of ideas and exercises._

* __Part 1__ - Development environment and tools basics
* __Part 2__ - Software product development process (will feature guest leaders when possible)
* __Part 3__ - Building a blog with Jekyll and Bootstrap (gets bit more _technical_)
* __Part 4__ - Modern growth hacking (_more relevant for small teams_)
* __Part 5__ - Glimpse into the future

And that\'s essentially it. I hope these will give you a familiarity with the tools, concepts, and processes used by more technical managers to build modern-day tech businesses. These lessons won\'t teach you a foundation in programming. But, building a website and being able to push content to the web is a good first step for you to gain familiarity and comfort. More importantly, it may enlighten about other threads to take a deeper look, whether it is:

* Continuing to build on the personal-site to add functionality
* Learning more about programming, with online resources like [Udacity](http://www.udacity.com/)
* Looking into attending a [full-time coding bootcamp](http://leanpub.com/coding-bootcamps)
* Or looking deeper into product management or other functional specialties, like [data science](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_science).

The point is, this is just the start.

###Meditation###
You\'re MBA? That\'s seriously kickass, dude!
