---

layout: post
title : setting-up-git-ruby-cli
permalink: /blog/setting-up-github
categories: [exercise, web_development]
comments: true
tags : [part01, exercise02]

---
###Goal###
To get your machine ready to roll with the right tools.

_Wax on, wax off, Daniel San. - Mr. Miyagi_

###Recap###
So the [previous exercise](../first-site-with-git-generator/) wasn\'t too bad. Github made it so easy for us. But, how much understanding do you have of what you did?

_There\'s a difference between having a steak served to you and cooking it yourself. When you cook it yourself, you understand what makes a good steak, what conditions are required, how you get a certain flavor. Usually, you learn it after a few bad ones._

###Action Items###
To cook, you should be in a kitchen with some basic cooking utensils. We are going to get the basic environment up for software engineering. This is actully a big topic (so it may come up again in future). In general, I\'ll stick to the bare minimum to keep things simple.

You might get stuck. It can be painful. Be calm and patient. Starting this lesson, I\'m adding comments feature so you can ask for help directly on this site. Again, feel free to share on FB post comments, or email me with questions.

Others have done a good job of set-up howoto, and I\'m just going to point you to those resources. Google is your friend.

Here\'s the basic toolkit:
1. (x) Chrome browser (you got this in the last lesson)
2. ( ) Text editor (see below)
3. ( ) Ruby interpreter (see below)
4. ( )

* Walkthrough of how to [Set Up Git](https://help.github.com/articles/set-up-git)
* SF [RailsBridge Installfest](http://docs.railsbridge.org/installfest/) has a kick-ass walkthrough of how to configure git and SSH key as well. If you feel adventurous, you can try other things - like heroku setup - but no need at this point

###Summary###


###Resources###


###Funwork###
* Play with git. CodeSchool has a nice [Try Git](http://try.github.io/) lesson.

###Meditation###
Are you having fun?
